no or you want to grab one more then
we'll grab an arrow after that since
that's right do an arrow now cuz we're
kind of on echo fox / d9 anyways yeah I
think this would be a good time to me to
get him for that yeah
Vincent's you know narrow um he's the
coach for echo fox okay yeah yeah that's
the team that has honey on it who knee
is the player that oh really nice to you
yeah no he's over here he's on he's on
the team an arrows during the show an
arrow where are you calling from calling
from Beverly Hills Beverly Hills okay
now we know triangulating that X yeah
well so we brought you on the show I
don't think you probably had you you
probably didn't have anything you wanted
to talk about but mark you have some
things you want to talk to an arrow
about and maybe Vincent can chime in
here we can get an interesting four
person conversation going yeah I have
two questions
one is the the hooni thing that we were
kind of talking about is like as someone
who is now working with him and all this
stuff how much of that like who knee
hype is like yeah who needs a god and
like a probably the definitive de-facto
reason that were number one and is that
on is that correct at all I mean I'm not
gonna say he's like that the fact the
reason we're number one but he he helps
so much with everyone he actually just
kind of like pulls all the guys together
as soon as he came in because at first
we were like screaming early January
with the lorem you could just kind of
tell as soon as him he came in that the
atmosphere kind of changed like the guys
just all had instant respect for that
guy and everything he wanted to do
everyone's like yeah I trust that I'm on
board so when we're in game like you see
the guys obviously they'll do this like
random shit we're just like three people
go in and kill themselves mid game and
we lose like all this gold and it's
because they trust like everything with
that and who needs been a big part of
that like trust thing building so I mean
I think he's pretty impactful you know
yeah so it sounds like he's a pretty
vocal part of the team then he doesn't
just play top lane really well he also
would you I mean like
the term shot-caller at this point is a
bit of a joke but is is he one of the
major voices and decision-making yeah I
usually say like in-game leader pretty
much like him and Josh are definitely
the two yeah and getting leaders pretty
much they say they just keep everyone in
line with what the plan is and what they
want to do with the game all right and
then the other thing which hopefully is
the bigger discussion is a lot of people
despite you guys being the number one
team kind of our like hesitant to give
you all the praise because they see
these mid game throws even in that most
recent c9 game like yes lost baron wants
do you feel like that's just part of the
double edged sword that you have to take
when you have such aggressive players or
is it like no we need to clean this up
and we'll be screwed if we don't know we
need to clean it up it's pretty shit
like I'm usually pretty pissed when I
watch it and it happens like we just sit
in the room we're like okay well same
thing happen again it's pretty bullshit
that this showed up I hate it it doesn't
have to be there it's just they get to a
certain point in game and you can kind
of tell that focus slips up a little bit
and they're just kind of the kind of
show with it like it happened to CLG
like fuck Vincent shed on us like this
whole team screwed us over
yeah the one win one loss excuse me that
you guys man yeah but we can we can lose
any game if we do that like especially
with the way that matt is right now I
just takes like one team fight lost like
30 plus minutes and you can lose the
game no matter how much gold you have so
I don't want that to be a thing it's
pretty bad Vincent I have no idea if you
have any interesting questions for an
arrow or anything about echo fox that
you've always wondered about that you
could you could ask him here and he
could probably dodge because he doesn't
want you to know the answer but I'm just
kind of curious if you have because it's
always one of my favorite things about
LCS is when you get to see people from
different teams like just randomly
chatting about the gamers or thoughts so
I'm curious well how's the house cuz you
live in Beverly Hills right so I'm
actually generally curious how nice the
house is I mean the house would you say
I was pretty sick we had two of them
actually two of them yeah they got they
got rid of one and then got apartments
for the rest of the guys so I'm not even
the house right now I'm just in my own
apartment I like the staff apartment
pretty much
Vincent is either asking I thought he
was gonna go with how's the house cuz I
might be looking for a place to live or
I thought he might be like he's using
this as leverage with CLG where he's
gonna be like echo fox has two houses
why do we only have one I'm making it's
just a difference between a first-place
team and it's insane I don't even know
like why we need these houses but we got
him I guess I came from tainted minds
then I lived in a strip mall the top
floor was strip mall that's wait didn't
you guys both weren't you both on Dream
Team but not at the same time maybe I
joined like right after Vincent left so
I was there with Kody and Papa Joe okay
yeah we both got that experience he just
got out in time so when you guys play
like like when you know we see like who
do you pick like yeah so we seen him
pick like these really fringe pigs is it
whatever he wants to play you guys like
go for it
oh we usually like talked about it
before the week even starts like I have
like a specific day pretty much just
like all right if you got some new pick
tell me it now I'm not gonna have this
thing we're like all right day before
the match we're ready to play random
champ like I don't want to have that
happen because I'm sure you've been in
situations that happened like screams or
some guys just like oh hey I think this
champs really good I want to play this
and it just fucks everything up right
help with champions start of the week
and he's like I think this is good and
we'll try and we're like all right well
I guess honey can just play everything
then whatever and it usually works but
it's usually super far ahead of time we
prepare like y'all this weekend we
prepared it actually for cloud 9 and
there was just a scenario where we could
do it against hundred thieves were like
yeah fuck it we'll do it here it fits so
I have a little bit of a question about
c9 and for both you like licorice this
is an episode
what we've just been talking about food
I don't I'm just teasing sorry this is
more about licorice I guess we're like
he's coming as a rookie and I think a
lot of people were surprised with house
you know I'd integrated him where he
gets counterpick like every single game
and he plays carries and then they send
a lot of resources in game to him
generally like that's how it feels to me
watching uh how does that like how does
that make like your opinion of him
change cuz that for me it makes me hard
to place exactly how good he is cuz it
feels like he gets more help than a lot
of tops in the league but he's also so
executing with it so I don't know what
your guys opinion of licorice is I think
he's insanely good I'm just glad he's
got the confidence to do that like you
know a lot of guys are gonna come in and
they're just gonna be kind of like
scared to really pull that out initially
like they want to get their feet wet
first and kind of test the grounds play
a little maokai every now and then yeah
see if they can pull it out he just
doesn't care he's ready to do it like
I'm actually so glad he did the Lucian
and the honey thing not just because
like we won because of that but it's
just really good to just even try that
and do it like it's really cool as fuck
that he wanted to do it because it felt
like they received a lot of flame for
doing that like people thought it was
disrespectful or something but that's so
that's so fucked up for them dude like
it's not the aleutian part was like the
really good part of it yeah like it
wasn't even bad they could have actually
done something with that and one like
volution didn't ruin the game for them
at all if anything like it actually
saved their draft like being able to
play Lucian and gp's so nice for
drafting actually yeah Vincent I guess
mark your question was also about like
her so maybe Vincent can handle that too
[Music]
licorice
he's a rookie and I think I was a rookie
when you join like a team like a top
team like c9 there's a lot of pressure
on you to perform so it's really nice to
see that licorice is playing pretty well
I think his team does like setup a lot
for him where you try to get him what
he's comfortable on like a pick that he
feels good about and if you're like
constantly playing or just like the
better the team where you have picks
that might not be the best for
you're just like suffering Elaine and
then people aren't really playing around
you they're playing around bottling or
in mid lane then it could be really
quick it can be like a situation where
licorice is just a lone top and I think
that wouldn't be good because as a
rookie I think it's really important for
your team to like reassure you if you're
doing the right things so in that sense
I think c9 is doing a really good job
about that and I think the atmosphere
that they have also helps because if you
have a good learning atmosphere then
even if you make mistakes on stage like
this weekend we're liquorish to have the
best showing on Lucian I'm sure that c9
they'd be like don't worry man it's fine
you just got hard caps is you'll have
like a better shot next time yeah yeah
it's interesting it just seemed like c9
just has a really good really good
culture well-marked you have anything
else for a Nero or should we I mean in
the future we were talking this past
weekend about how he's down to come on a
hotline League in the future but the
county I was kind of yeah yeah I was
just chilling the chat I was hanging out
I'm always here yeah okay all right I
guess sure yeah mark you got anything
else for him I mean I'm always down to
pick people's brain but for the sake of
the show for the respect of bio frost
thank you an era yeah no worries sorry
to randomly get thrown it no no no it's
good we were I think it was fun to have
you on especially as we're talking about
echo fox made sense no worries man
thanks to it I'll see you guys yeah